# SoftwareEngineering_Project1
2
Abstract Physical fitness is very important for a healthy and tension free life. "My Gym" program is a complete gym system which cares about all of its members and their memberships, employees, and activities. It is a system that is designed to manage day to day business by allowing the user to add or remove members, search for a member by searching for their ID, or to view the list of members. The system is designed to be user friendly that requires minimal user training. Also, it allows us to add or remove an employee which helps in storing information about employees and coaches working in the gym for the safety of trainees, besides searching for an employee and viewing list of employees. Furthermore, for ensuring the progress of the trainees, the system can follow up each member through the member's Inbody to make sure that the trainee is approaching their target within the shortest time that suits their body and health. It also views list of all Inbodies and you can search for a member's Inbody by using the member's ID so that all of the member's information appear in the search result. And finally, for providing exciting activities for members, fitness classes can be added/ removed for each member, besides searching for a fitness class and viewing list of fitness classes. Also, the system can prevent user's mistakes as it prevents him from typing letters in the fields that are required to be filled with numbers, for maintaining the accuracy upon filling information. Finally, any changes in the database depend on the employee since he's the only one who can access and change in it according to members' and employees' verbal requests
